README.md, before:

# Tandem Apprentice Code Challenge

### About
This website was created to apply for Tandem's Apprenticeship, a great opportunity for recent software engineer grads to continue to build their skillset with a great company.
The outline of this challenge was to build a trivia website utilizing the data set provided. Some additional requirements were:
- A user can view questions
- Questions with their multiple choice options must be displayed one at a time
- Questions should not repeat in a round
- A user can select only 1 answer out of the 4 provided
- The correct answer must be reavealed after a user has submitted their answer
- A user can see the score they received at the end of the round

### Planning
Looking at this challenge I knew I would need to set up code that would:
- parse json data
- create a new object that combines the "incorrect answers" object and the correct answer string to loop through to create the quiz answers
- game play logic that incorporates 10 "moves" with a move resulting in a correct/incorrect page, then ending with a final score page

While there were no set requirements for these aspects I'm planning the following because I also want to make sure the time I spend on this app is meeting my personal study goals:
- A react app, to practice more in functional components
- I aim to create a pleasing UI application, to continue my desire to work more in creating an app that reaches design goals.


### Technologies
- I'm only planning to use material-ui and React. If I meet my goals I may integrate a server to pass our information.

### Sprints
While free form, I think creating a plan helps me to drive my work.
- Day One: create react app, wireframes, and comment code and functions
- Day Two: complete game play
- Day Three: make it pretty!

Commit message:

double check app requirements. add right answer, and install instructions per requirements. test a few times. Looks good

README.md, after:

# Tandem Apprentice Code Challenge

### About
This website was created to apply for Tandem's Apprenticeship, a great opportunity for recent software engineer grads to continue to build their skillset with a great company.
The outline of this challenge was to build a trivia website utilizing the data set provided. Some additional requirements were:
- A user can view questions
- Questions with their multiple choice options must be displayed one at a time
- Questions should not repeat in a round
- A user can select only 1 answer out of the 4 provided
- The correct answer must be reavealed after a user has submitted their answer
- A user can see the score they received at the end of the round

### To Play
- git clone this file
- run npm install
- run npm start
This simple react app has everything you need to go right into game play.

### Planning
Looking at this challenge I knew I would need to set up code that would:
- parse json data
- create a new object that combines the "incorrect answers" object and the correct answer string to loop through to create the quiz answers
- game play logic that incorporates 10 "moves" with a move resulting in a correct/incorrect page, then ending with a final score page

While there were no set requirements for these aspects I'm planning the following because I also want to make sure the time I spend on this app is meeting my personal study goals:
- A react app, to practice more in functional components
- I aim to create a pleasing UI application, to continue my desire to work more in creating an app that reaches design goals.


### Technologies
- I'm only planning to use material-ui and React. If I meet my goals I may integrate a server to pass our information.

### Sprints
While free form, I think creating a plan helps me to drive my work.
- Day One: create react app, wireframes, and comment code and functions
- Day Two: complete game play
- Day Three: make it pretty!
